could this be the remains of one egg
that he had found in one particular spot
or where they perhaps pieces that he had
gathered from all over the place there
was only one way to find out to try and
piece them together and the best method
of starting seemed to be the same as you
use when you begin on a jigsaw puzzle to
lay out everything face-up on the ground
now would they fit together
these two certainly did
to fasten them temporarily
I used adhesive tape
with a jigsaw you at least know that all
the pieces belong to the same puzzle and
that they do go together somehow to form
a complete picture but this was
different much more exciting and
tantalizing if I had no idea how much of
the egg was present or whether all these
pieces belong to one egg or to several
with mounting excitement I managed to
get piece after piece to fit together
the egg began to appear even bigger than
I had imagined
at the end of an hour I had two halves
and to my joy they fitted together
perfectly there were only three or four
small holes and I still had several
pieces left over there was a place for
even such a tiny fragment as this the
egg was well-nigh perfect as I held it I
had little difficulty in imagining the
country as it must have been only a few
hundred years ago when this riverbed was
filled with a brown eddying flood and
when great numbers of gigantic birds
over ten feet tall strode majestically
through the swamps
you